---
title: PRIDE 49
date: 2024-06-08
tags:
    - Jun
    - gi 
    - nogi 
description: |
  PRIDE 49
price: $80
location: |
  United States
---
## Sign Up
https://smoothcomp.com/en/event/16462

## Location
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d12345.6789!2d!3d!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x0!2z!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1234567890" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## Description
This event will run on time, according to the schedule which is
available online throughout the tournament. Competitors are expected in
the bullpen to be called to fight at the time according to the online
schedule. Competitors not present will be disqualified if they are not
present within 5 minutes of their scheduled fight time.


By IBJJF regulations, youths 12 and younger can be grouped in the same
bracket. When possible, we will split into separate boys and girls
brackets, but depending on the size of the bracket, they may be
combined.


Generally, juveniles (16-17 years old) are not permitted to fight in the
adults bracket. However, we will try to offer an extra fight for
juveniles, if we also have a willing 18 year old fighter that is the
same weight and belt. If both parties agree, we will attempt to arrange a
special fight.


Competitors with incomplete or unpaid registrations will be removed from the bracket when the registration is closed.


For the Weight In competitor must have the uniform on-


Gi (pants, jacket and belt)


No Gi (short and rash guard)


Clean Uniform in proper condition by PRIDEBJJ.com/Rules Avoid disqualifications, we will have uniform checker


Be the first one to register in your division and be surprise seeing other competitors follow you! 


Athletes with incomplete registration will be removed from the
competitor list before the brackets release, with no guarantee to be
re-included.


- Competitors will be grouped in age divisions not by the
actual age, but by the year's birthday. So, for events in 2024, consider the competitor
age in 2024.


- The competitor must have the uniform on for the weight. Gi and
belt and for No GI divisions rash guard.


- Any competitor overweight will be disqualified (Kids, teens
or Adults)


1. All Divisions with 4 or more competitors will have a ‘fight for 3rd’ place match.
All divisions with only two competitors will have at least two fights / "Best of Three"


2. By the International Federation rules, College Wrestlers and Judo Black Belts can not compete as a White belts.


3. ALL COMPETITORS MUST HAVE VALID ID TO COMPETE (Before each fight,
athletes will be asked to show their valid form of photo
identification(ID) to the officials)


4. It is the parents responsibility to bring valid ID for their child competitors.
( Examples- Birth Certificate or copy, Passport, IBJJF Card, School ID with Birth Date )


5. The brackets will be organized by software, so that athletes from
the same team will face each other no later than the semi final match.


6. All the medals will be awarded only on the podium at the
completion of the division, for athletes who place in 1st, 2nd and 3rd
in their division.


7. ONLY competitors with Early and Regular registration will receive a FREE event t-shirt


8. There is a limit on the number of athletes in order to guarantee a
high quality event. We will be posting info on the social media.


9. PRIDE BJJ reserves the right to close registration when we reach
full capacity, or on the day of the appointed event registration
deadline, whichever comes first.


10. Clean gi and no gi uniform, in proper condition by Pridebjj.com / Rules. We will have a Gi Checker.


11. For Kids and Adults with special needs, please register and contact us ASAP with further info.


12. Until 48 hours before the event starts, anyone that does not have a
match is entitled to a full refund.
But you also may request a change on your registration, subject to be
approved. *CREDITS CAN BE DIRECTLY APPLIED TO A FUTURE EVENT
*CANCELLATIONS ARE ISSUED UP UNTIL THE REGISTRATION DEADLINE MINUS A 20%
CANCELLATION FEE**


13. Pre-schedule (Kids morning - Adults afternoon) Official schedule will be released only Thursday (event week).


14. Competitors will receive, until Friday at the event week, the
ring number and estimation fight time at the cell phone provided at the
registration form.


15. Competitors must keep the kimono and belt tied all times while in the waiting or competition area.


16. For your safety and others, please don't jump the barricades.


17. Arrive at the event only 60 minutes prior to your division
schedule. The competitor should be warmed up by the time your bracket is
called.


18. At the designated time, go to the concentration area, wearing your complete uniform to be inspected.


19. Keep checking the schedule because estimation time could be updated anytime. When your name shows up at the TV Screen you must stay in the concentration area.


20. You also can check the schedule at the concentration screen area.


21. Inside the concentration area, there will be a Ring Coordinator wearing a colete with your Ring Number. To avoid disqualifications, present yourself otherwise he/she will call your name three times only.


22. For the points system calculation, register under the same team
name. Ex- Super Man BJJ is not the same as Super Man Brazilian Jiu
Jitsu.


23. No t-shirt under the jacket Gi. Only for female competitors sport bra or rash guards will be allowed.


24. LOYAL CLUB Rebate request are acceptable only by email until Regular Registration deadline.