---
title: PMA 6
date: 2024-05-11
tags:
    - May
    - gi 
    - nogi 
description: |
  Local Friendly Tournament to get folks ready to compete
price: $65
location: |
  Fresno
---
## Sign Up
https://smoothcomp.com/en/event/17050

## Location
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d12345.6789!2d-119.7747226!3d36.8365286!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x0!2z36.8365286!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1234567890" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## Description
Competitors


Registration is Now Open!


Please Note! We reserve the right to combine weight classes to create competitive weight divisions with sufficient competitors. When registering children, feel free to put them in their respective divisions. This is a Kids, Teens, Adults Open Event. 


All Bracket Winners Will Receive The Following


Custom 4 inch medals for all divisions 


Important Information


We reserve the right to combine weight classes to create competitive weight divisions with sufficient competitors.


Prices


Registration Opens 07.05.2022  


Registration Price $65


ADD 2nd Division Price $100 TOTAL Combined 


Note- Registration Fees are Non-Refundable.


Exemption- In the event that we are unable to find you a suitable match, we will issue you a full refund. Athletes who are alone in their bracket are eligible to receive a full refund of the registration fee if they contact 559.577.9384 and request to withdraw their name from the competition prior to the end of the appointed event registration check day.


Spectator Entrance Fees - Free


 We have very limited Space - if you are having someone film matches it will be okay but then kindly wait outside enjoy acai, etc.


Important Dates


Registration Deadline and Athlete Correction midnight May 9th


Brackets & Schedule Release Date - Midnight day before or day of


Tentative Event Schedule (Day of Event)


Doors Open To Public- 8AM


Rules Meeting- 845AM


Rise for National Anthem- 9AM


Event Start Time- Right after


Competitor and Spectators Entrance


We have VERY LIMITED space please bring one coach per team.


Rule Book


IBJJF rules - no advantages 


Competitors (Very Important)


***PLEASE NOTE- Kids and Adults DO NOT have to weigh in with a GI on. We reserve the right to combine weight classes to create competitive weight divisions with sufficient competitors. When registering children, feel free to put them in their respective divisions. In an effort to create adequate and competitive matches, the rule of thumb is as follows; 


1. Kids can be matched between 2 years and 10LBs and 


2. Teens can be matched between 2 years and 15LBs. Boys and Girls can compete together up to the age of 12 Years Old.


ADDING A NEW SCHOOL FOR COACHES & TEAMS


If your school is not a registered school in the data base


You can add your school to the database for your athletes to register to your school, please click link here ( ADD NEW SCHOOL ) and follow the prompts. Upon completion of prompts and registration of school name and association, your students may begin registering.


Weigh Ins


Day before at 4PM to 7PM


Morning day of tournament 8AM