---
title: VJJ2
date: 2024-08-18
tags:
    - Aug
    - gi 
    - nogi 
description: |
  UK MMA’s leading brand Violent Money is proud to announce its submission only grappling event, VJJ 2, set to take place August 18th at Croydon Martial Arts, South London
price: £25
location: |
  Croydon
---
## Sign Up
https://smoothcomp.com/en/event/17398

## Location
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d12345.6789!2d-0.1013845!3d51.3727935!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x0!2z51.3727935!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1234567890" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## Description
VJJ2 RULES 


10 AM - Weigh ins and Rules meeting 


11 AM - First Match 


OVERVIEW



Cash prize for winner of the absolute devision 


Gold, Silver and Bronze Violent Money medals to be won


Open to white & blue belts


This is a tournament style competition and only the winner goes through to the next round.


NoGi rash guard, spats and grappling shorts only.


No points are being scored in this tournament. Submission win only, if at the end of the 5 minute match and there is no winner the referee will decide the winner according to fighter dominance.


If the fighters go out of the mat area, the referee will restart the fight in the centre of the mat, in the same position they were when they left the mat when the referee said “Stop”.



HOW YOU CAN WIN



Submission, Referee decision, opponent disqualification.


If one competitor gives up or submits by tapping the leg, arm or verbally. (Tap, I give up).


If a fight is over without any submission’s, the referees will decide the winner according to fighter’s dominance.


If Referee feels one competitor is unable to defend himself or feels his life is in danger, the Referee will declare the winner.


Fighter will be disqualified by the Referee for breaking forbidden rules.



LEGAL TECHNIQUES



Any kind of choke (except for using the hand to close the windpipe)


Any arm bar, shoulder lock, or wrist lock



ILLEGAL TECHNIQUES



Any leg locks or twisting leg locks (e.g., heel hooks, knee bars)


Neck cranks or spine locks


Small joint manipulation (e.g., finger locks)


Full nelson or bicep slicers


Strikes of any kind (e.g., punches, elbows, knees)


Slamming an opponent from guard or while in a submission attempt


Using fingers, toes, or clothing to attack an opponent's face


Eye gouging or fish hooking


Hair pulling or biting


Striking the opponent's groin


Grabbing the opponent's rash guard, shorts or any of their clothing




No slippery substances allowed on body or clothing


Slamming the opponent on their head or neck from a takedown 



No points are being scored in this tournament. Submission win only, if at the end of the 5 minute match and there is no winner the referee will decide the winner according to fighter dominance.