---
title: NEWBREED CORAL SPRINGS FALL CHAMPIONSHIP
date: 2024-09-14
tags:
    - Sep
    - gi 
    - nogi 
description: |
  Coral Springs Gymnasium - 2501 Coral Springs Dr, Coral Springs, FL
price: $65
location: |
  Coral Springs
---
## Sign Up
https://newbreedbjj.smoothcomp.com/en/event/17449

## Location
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d12345.6789!2d-80.2648941!3d26.2612933!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x0!2z26.2612933!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1234567890" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## Description
Get ready to put your skills to the test at the Coral Springs Fall Championship! Join us at the Coral Springs Gymnasium
on September 14th for an unforgettable day of competition.


Whether you're a seasoned veteran or stepping onto the mats for the
first time, our tournament welcomes athletes of all ages and skill
levels. With both gi and nogi divisions, this is where passion meets
opportunity.


Stand tall on the podium and claim your custom medal as one of the top
three athletes in your division. These medals not only symbolize victory
but also your hard work and dedication to the sport.


Our more experienced competitors will be challenged in the advanced
divisions. First place winners in any advanced division will receive the
prized NJJF Championship Belt, a symbol of your dominance in the sport.


Ready for the ultimate challenge? Step into the nogi absolute division
and face off against the best of the best regardless of weight class.
Put your skills to the test and prove yourself as a true Jiu-Jitsu
champion.


At the end of the tournament, team points are calculated to unveil the
top three teams in both youth and adult categories, as well as the
overall team champion. Celebrate your team's triumph with a prestigious
award banner for your academy. First-place teams take home a custom NJJF
trophy as a testament to their collective achievement.


Held in the heart of the vibrant city of Coral Springs, there is no
better place to put your skills on display and rise to the top of the
competition scene. Register now to lock in your spot at the Coral
Springs Fall Championship on September 14th. We'll see you on the mat!